Update edge glossary (#3123)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/glossary/e.md

See also [{{< standard-tenant >}}](/glossary/s/#standard-tenant) and [{{< management-tenant >}}](/glossary/m/#management-tenant).

### Edge Server {#edge-server}

> Edge Server is an informal term sometimes used to refer to Cumulocity Edge, a single-server variant of the Cumulocity platform designed for onsite deployment on industrial PCs or local servers: [Cumulocity Edge Documentation](https://cumulocity.com/docs/sector/edge_server/)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge Server is an informal term sometimes used to refer to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge, a single-server variant of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, designed to run in factories on industrial PCs or local servers, that is, in the same site (“onsite”) in which the IoT assets are located. [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge Documentation](/sector/edge_server/)
```

Reviewer: @nickponomar-c8y , just copied the text present in the edge_server tile.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: For details, see the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge Documentation](/sector/edge_server/).

> Edge Server is an informal term sometimes used to refer to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge, a single-server variant of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, designed to run in factories on industrial PCs or local servers, that is, in the same site (“onsite”) in which the IoT assets are located. For details, see the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge Documentation](/sector/edge_server/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edge Server is an informal term sometimes used to refer to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge, a single-server variant of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, designed to run in factories on industrial PCs or local servers, that is, in the same site (“onsite”) in which the IoT assets are located. For details, see the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge documentation](/sector/edge_server/).
```
